#summary Project Overview

==Welcome to the svg2vml project site! ==

===About the svg2vml project===
Despite the version number having reached and surpassed version 1.0, this project is still a work in progress, as it stands svg2vml does not yet provide much of the SVG DOM.  Please see the [CurrentStatus Current Status] page to see how much of the SVG specification we support.

You can view the [ProjectRoadmap Project Roadmap] to see upcoming changes we have planned.

See the [SampleCode Sample Code] page for examples of use.

If you have comments, suggestions, contributions, or questions please use the [http://groups.google.com/group/svg2vml Discussion / Mailing] list, all are welcome.

If you find a bug in svg2vml, please report it on the issues page.


<br>
===What is svg2vml?===
svg2vml is a lightweight JavaScript library that makes it easy to include [VectorGraphics vector graphics] in web pages by providing a common SVG-style programming interface to VML and SVG.

Simply add the svg2vml code to your existing page and use the SVG DOM, svg2vml will translate the SVG DOM calls into VML DOM calls.

See the [SampleCode Sample Code] page for details.


<br>
===Why SVG?===
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is a standard from the W3C, the same people who standardised HTML, XML and ECMAScript.  

This standard was introduced to provide some way of having vector graphics in a web page with full access to the components of the image via the Document Object Model (DOM) without having to resort to using proprietary technologies like Flash.

For more information about the differences between raster and vector images and the advantages of each please see our [VectorGraphics vector graphics] page.

Put simply, SVG provides a means of placing graphics and images on a web page with no loss of quality and no file size overhead no matter how much the image is scaled, with the ability to simply modify the image using Javascript after the page has rendered.


<br>

